README.md, before:

ONLY ONCE YOU LIVE
======================
### A 2D infinite scrolling platformer

![Game Screenshot](https://github.com/ACour008/gamehighedjam/blob/main/screenshot.png)

* Version: 0.5a
* Source: https://github.com/ACour008/GameHighedJam.git
* Playable version: https://acour008.itch.io/only-once-you-live
* Our submission to the 2021 Game Highed Jam hosted by Charles Games, BUG Game Lab, guvencat & ragnor8k

## New Build Available Soon
The new build is meant to fix the bugs that existed in the game jam version and improve on some features. Once completed, the new build will be available on itch.io.

## Main Premise
You've found yourself in a dark underworld with one chance to make it through a trickster's platform city. Can you do it? You only live once, after all.

## Known bugs
- If you get pushed backwards far enough, you could lose control of the character until you die.
- [FIXED] ~~The platforms randomly generate in a way that makes it unforgiving to the player at times.~~
- [FIXED] ~~The background is not a seemless loop.~~
- [FIXED] ~~The player is supposed to have a new face for each game (they're really funny), but it doesn't happen.~~

Commit message:

final version is completed. Find it on our itch.io

README.md, after:

ONLY ONCE YOU LIVE
======================
### A 2D infinite scrolling platformer

![Game Screenshot](https://github.com/ACour008/gamehighedjam/blob/main/screenshot.png)

* Version: 1.0.0
* Source: https://github.com/ACour008/GameHighedJam.git
* Playable version: https://acour008.itch.io/only-once-you-live
* Our submission to the 2021 Game Highed Jam hosted by Charles Games, BUG Game Lab, guvencat & ragnor8k

## New Build NOW AVAILABLE
We made some major updates to our game for the final produce
- Screen size is now wider (so you can see what is coming at you)
- New 'obstacles' added. They may or may not kill you.
- Additional sounds, animations, and easter eggs.

## Main Premise
You've found yourself in a dark underworld with one chance to make it through a trickster's platform city. Can you do it? You only live once, after all.

## Known bugs
- [FIXED] ~~If you get pushed backwards far enough, you could lose control of the character until you die.~~
- [FIXED] ~~The platforms randomly generate in a way that makes it unforgiving to the player at times.~~
- [FIXED] ~~The background is not a seemless loop.~~
- [FIXED] ~~The player is supposed to have a new face for each game (they're really funny), but it doesn't happen.~~

## Find any bugs?
- Of course you did. No matter, let us know!
